by this normal time we're Commission hey
Odie Russian electricity yeah hey how
you doing aside I'm got a new special
going out save you one hundred and fifty
dollars on your electricity every year
uh-huh wonders are you interested Oh No
thank you Thanks yeah we're good then
wow I check the meter they got the
highest meter on the black I'm trying to
get the electricity good there hey well
I knew it over time I'm trying to go
throw some vans you know
the night tricity guy scares me what
motherfucker touch us right now I'm
sorry about that sir I'm sorry about
that i'm trying to watch my fucking
Looney Tunes get the fuck off my
property ok you ever get ready
at first they don't want electricity in
the laptop well I did it for overtime
you said if I'm get this house I get
fired all right
who is it hey
hey please me it's not your babe I need
to do the sign he's got me on paper so I
can getting high over time gonna fuck
that shit let's focus on these papers do
I told you never fuck about this shit
yeah I got the gun buddy I'm trying to
go to the strip club and I'm trying to
make it rang and let me see that phone
by the way to let me see which oh you
gotta hear it nice a little bitches are
nesting ground hey you might want to add
me on there get electrician on the sport
1285 I need to get limits kid one you re
ok and it takes this by the way to any
shoes my bitching it is big bitch bleep
you bitch in the Sun three days it would
if you're out with good day
you or your little